Fixed as per#362 issue (#378)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

receiver discarding the packet. Some parts of Initial packets could be altered
by removing and re-applying the authenticated encryption without immediate
discard at the receiver. However, the cryptographic handshake validates most
fields and any modifications in those fields will later result in connection
establishment failing.

## Connection ID and Rebinding {#rebinding}

The connection ID in the QUIC packet headers allows association of QUIC
packets using information independent of the five-tuple. This

> allows rebinding of a connection after an endpoint experienced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows rebinding of a connection after one of the endpoints experienced
```
